content/speakers.rst, before:

.. _speakers:

Invited Speakers
================

.. person:: 
   :name: Riccardo Caccavale
   :affiliation: Università degli Studi di Napoli "Federico II"
   :photo: ../_static/caccavale.jpg
   
   Riccardo Caccavale is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of Naples Federico II. 
   He received his Ph.D. in Information Technology and Electrical Engineering in 2017. 
   Since 2015, he has been an active member of the PRISMA Lab and the CREATE research group, where his work focuses on artificial intelligence, cognitive robotics, and human-robot interaction.

   He has participated in several national and international research projects funded by the European Union and the Italian Ministry of Research. 
   He is currently the local principal investigator of the Horizon Europe project INVERSE.
   
   Dr. Caccavale has authored over 40 publications, including journal articles, conference papers, and book chapters. He serves as an Associate Editor for IEEE ICRA and IROS conferences and is a Program Committee member for ECAI. His current research aims to bridge the gap between human cognitive capabilities and intelligent robotic systems.

.. person:: 
   :name: Marco Todescato
   :affiliation: Franhofer Italia
   :photo: ../_static/todescato.png

   Marco Todescato received his Ph.D. degree in Control Engineering in 2016 from the Department of Information Engineering (DEI), University of Padova (IT).
   During his doctoral studies he was Visiting Researcher the Max Plank Institute (DE), MIT, UCLA, UCSB and ETH Zürich. 
   After a Postdoctoral Fellowship at DEI, he was Research Scientist at the Bosch Center for Artificial Intelligence (DE).

   Now, he is Senior Researcher at Fraunhofer Italia and leader of the Machine Intelligence Development (M.IN.D.) team. His research focus and expertise include optimization, computer vision and deep learning with applications to robotics systems.

Commit message:

Add description of Stefano Ghidoni

content/speakers.rst, after:

.. _speakers:

Invited Speakers
================

.. person:: 
   :name: Riccardo Caccavale
   :affiliation: Università degli Studi di Napoli "Federico II"
   :photo: ../_static/caccavale.jpg
   
   Riccardo Caccavale is an Assistant Professor of Computer Science at the University of Naples Federico II. 
   He received his Ph.D. in Information Technology and Electrical Engineering in 2017. 
   Since 2015, he has been an active member of the PRISMA Lab and the CREATE research group, where his work focuses on artificial intelligence, cognitive robotics, and human-robot interaction.

   He has participated in several national and international research projects funded by the European Union and the Italian Ministry of Research. 
   He is currently the local principal investigator of the Horizon Europe project INVERSE.
   
   Dr. Caccavale has authored over 40 publications, including journal articles, conference papers, and book chapters. He serves as an Associate Editor for IEEE ICRA and IROS conferences and is a Program Committee member for ECAI. His current research aims to bridge the gap between human cognitive capabilities and intelligent robotic systems.

.. person:: 
   :name: Stafano Ghidoni
   :affiliation: Università degli Studi di Padova
   :photo: ../_static/ghidoni.jpg
   
   Stefano Ghidoni is professor of Computer Vision at the University of Padua, Italy. 
   His main research interests focus on human perception for human-robot collaboration, including action recognition and prediction, multi-view body pose estimation in cluttered environments, multi-modal human perception, intelligent hand-eye robot calibration. 

   Stefano Ghidoni was visiting scientist at the University of Zurich, Sungkyunkwan University in Seoul, and University of Lincoln, UK.
   Stefano Ghidoni received the M.Sc. in Telecommunication Engineering and the Ph.D. in Information Technologies from the University of Parma, in 2004 and 2008, respectively. 
   During the Ph.D., he worked in the field of human perception for autonomous driving.


.. person:: 
   :name: Marco Todescato
   :affiliation: Franhofer Italia
   :photo: ../_static/todescato.png

   Marco Todescato received his Ph.D. degree in Control Engineering in 2016 from the Department of Information Engineering (DEI), University of Padova (IT).
   During his doctoral studies he was Visiting Researcher the Max Plank Institute (DE), MIT, UCLA, UCSB and ETH Zürich. 
   After a Postdoctoral Fellowship at DEI, he was Research Scientist at the Bosch Center for Artificial Intelligence (DE).

   Now, he is Senior Researcher at Fraunhofer Italia and leader of the Machine Intelligence Development (M.IN.D.) team. His research focus and expertise include optimization, computer vision and deep learning with applications to robotics systems.
